Installing WebDropoff

This is a very quick set of instructions to install the WebDropoff software. 
It assumes that you have already installed your web server, and Perl.

0. Install Perl modules.
   If you are going to use encryption, make sure you have installed
   Crypt::RSA, Crypt::CBC, Crypt::Blowfish
1. Create data directories.
   You need a workspace dir, a public keys dir, a dropoff dir, and a logs dir.
   All of these must be writeable by the web server CGI scripts.
   You also need an etc dir.  This must not be writeable.
2. Install and modify templates.
   Copy the *.inc files to the etc directory.  These are the templates for the
   web page headers and footers, so modify them as you like.
3. Install dropoff.conf and configure
   Copy the dropoff.conf file to the etc directory.  Go therough the file and 
   make any necessary configuration changes, especially the file locations
   and future pickup URL.
4. Update the dropoff, pickup, waiting, smtpdropoff, makekeypair, and
   cleandropoff files to give the location of the dropoff.conf file.  Update 
   the xpickup.pl to give the URL of the pickup script.
5. Install the dropoff, pickup, makekeypair and waiting scripts into your 
   web server's cgi-bin.  
   The waiting script MUST be password protected to just administrators.
   The pickup script should NOT be password protected.
   The dropoff script you can install twice if required, once password
   protected, and once not.  It will act appropriately in both cases.
   The makekeypair script can also be installed in two places, one of them
   password protected.  This way, your local users can use the password
   protected versions and bypass the email address verification step.
6. Copy the xpickup.exe and/or xpickup.pl scripts to workstations which 
   require remote private-key decryption/pickup facility. (Optional). If you
   use xpickup.pl then you will need ActivePerl 5.8 or later with the
   Crypt::RSA, Crypt::CBC, Crypt::SSLeay modules installed.
7. Move the cleandropoff script to your sbin directory, and then add it to
   the root crontabs, to run nightly.
8. Optionally, install the smtpdropoff file in your sbin directory, and add
   the xinetd information provided so that it can accept dropoffs via SMTP
   mail attachments.  Usually used for scan-to-email systems.

Now, you can use the scripts remotely from your web browser.

Optionally use the makekeypair to generate a public/private keypair tied to
your email address which will be used for future dropoffs for you.

Use the dropoff script to drop a file for pickup according to the security
rules you defined in the dropoff.conf.

Use the pickup script to collect files, accoring to the URL emailed in the 
notification emails sent when a file is dropped off.

The cleandropoff script will clean the dropoff.log and dropoff directory
according to the limits set in the dropoff.conf file.

Any problems?
Check the error log of your web server, and run the scripts interactively.
Make sure you have all the options defined in the dropoff.conf
s.shipway@auckland.ac.nz
http://www.steveshipway.org/forum
Steve Shipway, Univeristy of Auckland
